viewport means entire screen without scrolling .
browser engines
responsiveness of websites
screen reader
seo. 

// // path types for wb dev.
// dev tools


Sometime we send data from frontend to backend to store in dabase. sometime we retrieve data from from backend.
// Learn more about semantic tags header, footer, section, 


Questions ?
-----------------
How will the search bar give suggestions?
website vs webapp?
Can we create website without backend?
can we use div for most of elements instead of p b h etc.,
what is relative urls path? form action /submit and method post 
child selector



self read
---------------
<!-- difference between parent and top attributes in target -->
name attributes(important for form elements)
to differenciate between two buttons which one is pressed we use different values(attribute). Read more...
metadata
mroe about iframe
port numbers?
can th take two cells?
what is relative urls path? form action /submit and method post 
nth and nth of type
font kerning?
/* border-image: source slice width outset repeat  */
Relative and Absolute units 
object-fit:cover;

align itmes self read more
mre about gap

 difference betwene flex and grid 






notes

Inline elements, such as <span> or <a>, are designed to flow within the text. This means they only take up as much width as their content requires and do not start on a new line. Because of this, setting explicit height and width properties on inline elements is generally ignored by browsers12.

Here are a few key points:

Content-Driven Dimensions: Inline elements’ dimensions are determined by their content. They expand and contract based on the text or other inline content they contain3.
Flow with Text: Inline elements flow along with the surrounding text, which means they don’t disrupt the line structure of the text. This is why they don’t respect height and width properties4.
Use Inline-Block for Control: If you need to control the dimensions of an element while keeping it inline, you can use display: inline-block;. This allows you to set height and width while still keeping the element in the flow of the text2.